Terms of Use
The terms of this agreement outline the relationship between the user and RedTurn Software (http://www.redternsoftware.com), the developer of Buzzrd. The Terms of Use (herin “Terms”) may be modified at any time by Buzzrd or RedTurn Software.  All modifications are effective immediately and invalidate previous versions. You can view the most recent version of these terms at any time at http://www.buzzrd.io/terms.  Use of Buzzrd by you shall be deemed your unconditional acceptance of the Terms.

1. Privacy Policy
Use of Buzzrd is also governed by Buzzrd’s Privacy Policy (http://www.buzzrd.io/privacy),  Your privacy is very important to use.
2. Content
Content is defined as all text, graphics, images, videos and all other postings provided by you. All content visibile in Buzzrd is stored and may be provided to law enforcement in accordance with a lawful inquiry. 
i. Content Ownership
All content collected by Buzzrd, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, icons, and video clips  (herin “Content”) become the property of Buzzrd and may be used by the company in promotional manners, without express permission from you. 
In addition, you agree that you will not copy, redistribute, display, capture, or sell Buzzrd Content without express consent from Buzzrd or RedTurn Software. 
ii. Rights in User Content
Content posted on Buzzrd is viewable by others wihtout your control.  The act of posting content to Buzzrd exclipitly implies acceptance of the Terms and acknowledgment that others may view and respond to your content.
Annonimity of content is at the discrition of Buzzrd and may be revoked if content posted does not meet content guidelines or for any reason.
Content may be removed or modified at the discretion of Buzzrd for any reason.  Removal of your content may be done without notification.  Any questions regarding content removal can be submitted to monitor@buzzrd.io
ii. Content Guidlines
You agree that you are responsible for all Content and that Buzzrd is not responsible or liable for any Content. We do not actively moderate or screen content but we reserve the right to do so at anytime.
You agree that content posted to Buzzrd will not be inflamatory, threatening or damaging.  Content will also meet an understood level of decorum.  Offensive language, lewd images may violate these Terms and result in modification or removal of your content without notification.
3. Alerts and Notification
As part of Buzzrd we may provide push notifications, text messages, alerts, emails, or other types of messages directly to you outside or inside Buzzrd.  You may control these settings through Buzzrd User Settings. Regadless of your settings, Buzzrd and RedTurn Software reserve the right to contact you regarding service announcments and Terms updates.
4. Prohibited Activities
In addition to the Terms, you agree that you will not:
Use Buzzrd to conduct or organize illegal or neferious activites.
Intentionall take actions to disrupt the services offered by Buzzrd.
Attempt to circumvent the security of Buzzrd;
Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, spam, solicitations or promotional materials;
Extract data for the intent of redistrobution
Reverse engineer any aspect of the Buzzrd
Use or attempt to use another user's account without authorization
Engage in any harassing, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct

5. Compliance with Laws
You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding your use of Buzzrd. You agree that information provided by you is truthful and accurate to the best of your knowledge.  
i. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of thirteen.
6. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Buzzrd and our partners, employees, and affiliates, harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Terms
7. Termination
Buzzrd and RedTurn Software may terminate your acocunt at any time, with or without notice, for any reason.  In the event of termination sections 2 and 6 remain in effect.
8. Dispute Resolution
If a dispute arises between you and Buzzrd, we look to resolve the dispute as quickly and efficently as possible. We strongly encourage you to first contact Buzzrd directly.  Often disputes are misunderstandings that we pledge to resolve through our support department,
9. Contact Information
support@buzzrd.io
